
(a) a general overview of the system with a small user guide
This is a python command line based shopping app. 
You can login in as agents or customers, for each role there are specific move you can do.

When you chose cutomers , you can sign in or sign up.
After sign in you can
1 type s to serach for product
2 type p to place all order for item in your basket
3 type l to list all your oders
4 type o to log out

When you chose cutomers , you can sign in.
After sign in you can
1 type s to Set up a delivery.
2 type u to Update a delivery
3 type i to Add to stock
4 type o to log out

(b) a detailed design of the software 
Login:login to custom or agents, record id.

cutomers functions
serach for product: Use sql to get mulity sub-list of required information,
merge them together in to a huge list to display all the infomation.
If product is selected, use sql to get info about the product and display it.(You can chose to add it to your basket)
After the product is added to basket, update the basket and save it as a global variables.

place all order for item in your basket:
Use sql to get get info about quantites of a product a store carries for a specific product in basket.
If not enough quantits promp use to change quantity.
Then place the order(update database)

list all your oders:
Use sql to get all oders for a specific user.
If a oder is selected using python commands.
use sql to display detailed information of a specific product.

Agent functions

Set up a delivery:

Update a delivery:

Add to stock:


(c) testing strategy 
We used our own data base and data for testing.
They are two parts of coding testing
1 sql code
We test our sql on in sqlite3 first by assigning specific value for it. 
If it passed, we will then implement in to python and then 
test it on python code on variables instead of specific fixed value.
For parts need to update database we run the insturction first and then 
use sqlite3 to check if the database is updated correctly

2 python code
Python code are mostly skeleton of the program.
For those does't involve sql, we simply test it.
For those invovle sql , please see above part for detail.

(d) group work strategy
Group number name: 1 Yuqi Zhang and Yuntian Zhang

project break-down:
customer(search):Yuntian Zhang and Yuqi Zhang
customer(place order):Yuntian Zhang 
customer(view order):Yuqi Zhang

agent(set up):Yuqi Zhang
agent(update):
agent(add):

allocated and spent for tasks, the person responsible and the 
progress made for each task is given:

customer(search):Yuntian Zhang 3/5 Yuqi Zhang 2/5 total 7 hours progress:completed
customer(place order):Yuntian Zhang 4 hours progress:completed
customer(view order):Yuqi Zhang 2 hours progress:completed

agent(set up):Yuqi Zhang 1 hour progress:completed
agent(update):           1 hour progress:completed
agent(add):              1 hour progress :completed


the method of coordination: 
For customer(search) we use 1 pc and code/debug together.
For other part we write our own code and ask partnet for debug or when partner facing unsolveable difficult.

